UI panel which displays current artist's country on the world map 
and lets you generate AutoPlaylists based on selection and locale 
tag saving when integrated along WilB's Biography Script.
UI is fully configurable: colors, sizes, headers, flags (like the 
ones found at Georgia Theme), etc.

Tags:
-----
The map uses locale tag (*) from the tracks currently playing or 
on selection (*). It may be a tag name or a TF expression, and may
contain ISO values (ARG) or full names (Argentina). Capitalization
doesn't matter. Full names are converted to ISO values before 
coordinates lookup.

Tag may be fetched using any of these 3 method (on this order):
- Tags from tracks.
- Tags from JSON data file (if available).
- Tags from WilB's Biography Script (if enabled). (*) (**) (***)

When tags are not available on the tracks, they can be written 
directly on the files or on the JSON data file (*), using the info 
shared by Biography Script.

Note that once the JSON file contains some artist's data, Internet 
connection -and thus Biography Script too- is no longer needed... 
acting as a local database for the tags related to those artists.
An example database is provided for that purpose, you may use it 
as an starting point (look at 'presets' folder).

(*) Configurable.

(**) Requires a modified version of the script. It may be 
installed manually or using the appropriate menu, which 
automatically adds the required code to the original script.

- 1.2.0-Beta.1 or 1.2.0-Beta.2: 'Notify tags' must be enabled on 
Bio's config panel too. When doing an automatic installation, it 
will be automatically enabled too.

(***) Manual installation requires adding this line at THE END of 
WilB's Biography Script (or the panel where it's loaded) and 
copying the mod file to the same path where bio script resides:
- 1.1.X: (add line to the main -and only- file)
	include('biography_mod_1_1_X_xxx.js');

- 1.2.0-Beta.1 & 2: (add line to '.\scripts\callbacks.js') 
(look at '.\profile\foo_spider_monkey_panel\packages\{BA9557CE-
7B4B-4E0E-9373-99F511E81252}')
	include('biography_mod_1_2_0_beta_xxx.js');

Map:
-----
Panel is updated when playback changes, switching playlists, 
selecting tracks, ... and requires a full world map using Mercator 
projection to work. Two are given for convenience, but can be 
changed if desired at properties. Note different maps may require 
different coordinates factors (since h/w proportions may change), 
there is a configuration menu for that purpose. An example of use 
may be found switching from 'Full' map to 'No Antarctica' Map, 
where the map is simply cropped and the coordinates adjusted with 
an Y factor.

Library Mode:
-------------
There is another mode to display countries (apart from 
selection/playing now) named 'library mode'. In this mode all the 
countries from the entire library artists database are shown 
instead of following selection/playback. Clicking on a point 
creates playlists from that country (+genre, styles, etc.  
according to keys pressed). Tooltip shows all artist on library 
from that country, therefore being a way to see the current 
statistics for every country. Note this is not equivalent to 
selecting the entire library and using the 'follow selection' mode 
for two reasons:
	- There is an imposed limit on point painting when selection 
	size reaches a value (currently 5000). You may change that on 
	the properties panel though. This is done to reduce calculation 
	time on big selections (note it takes some time to retrieve so 
	many tags and adjusting them on the map).
	
	- Library mode is not calculated on real time, but using a 
	cache. That means it's not really retrieving the tags from all 
	tracks but just using their last known value (much faster). 
	This cache may be updated on demand though ('Database\Update 
	library database').

Statistics Mode (chart):
------------------------
In this mode, full library stats are displayed in a chart: both 
data and display settings are fully configurable using the buttons.
Clicking on any point allows to create playlists or further stats
via menus.

Statistics Mode (gradient map):
-------------------------------
In this mode, library stats are displayed over the map, using a
gradient map with country layers whose color changes according
to the number of artists from that country.

Other tools:
-------------
An additional set of tools has been added to make it easier to 
merge different json databases, write tags to json or back from 
json to files, finding items in the library without the locale 
tags or not present on database, etc.

RAM usage:
----------
SMP may throw "Out of memory" errors in some settings or when
using too many panels at the same time. To minimize RAM usage,
there are multiple memory modes available (with explanations
about the changes).